Feature/ai sidecar configurable gemini model (#8752)
jaegertracing/jaeger: scripts/ai-sidecar/gemini/README.md

Without this key, the sidecar cannot create the Gemini client.

Optional Gemini model selection:

```bash
export GEMINI_MODEL_NAME="gemini-1.5-pro"
```

> If unset, the sidecar defaults to `gemini-2.5-flash`. Use this to switch to more capable or cost-effective models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If unset, the sidecar uses whichever Gemini SDK defaults to. Use this to switch to more capable or cost-effective models.
```

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `--otlp-endpoint` | `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT` | `http://localhost:4317` | OTLP/gRPC collector endpoint |
| `--otlp-insecure` / `--no-otlp-insecure` | `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE` | `true` | Skip TLS when exporting (set to false + provide TLS at the collector for production) |

> | `--gemini-model-name` | `GEMINI_MODEL_NAME` | `gemini-2.5-flash` | Gemini model to use for trace analysis |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--gemini-model-name` | `GEMINI_MODEL_NAME` | Gemini SDK default | Gemini model to use for trace analysis |
```
